---
author: fred
title: '0.0.0 :: ready... set... launch!'
---

This website is brought to you with the help of tools created by the good folks at _Bulma_, _Fort Awesome_, _GitHub_, _Jekyll_, _Pivotal Tracker_, _Netlify_, _StackEdit_, _Visual Studio Code_, and yours truly, the website creator 🤓. Thank you for indulging me in the introduction of __RVTR__, the experimental work-in-progress project that is part web, part blog, part document library, and part application portfolio. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride!

This is the beginning of this story, and I do not know where it will go.
See, I have been working on designing, developing and testing software for the past few years, wearing many hats in the process. Now, I am trying this blogging thing for size, should be all sorts of fun. I welcome your feedback, inputs and ideas along the way. I write code after all, not prose.

I have been involved in building websites for other companies for a little while. However, it is quite an undertaking working on this one, where all aspects of execution revolve around my own whimsical ideas and pseudo-creativity, no pressure! I am embracing this challenge as I share with you some of what I have learned so far, and still learning from the crazy world of technology.

To that end, I am introducing __RVTR__. It is an experimental take in the art and science of building software using a mashup of inter-related set of technologies. I will work on documenting technologies that matter to me, and the community I hope to foster. I have lots of ideas and I will be using this platform to communicate, experiment, analyze and document my findings.

In the coming months, I plan on introducing content around technologies I work with daily or have interest in. You should expect articles around topics on platforms such as _.NET Core_, _Node.js_, languages such _C#_, _JavaScript_, and emerging technologies around _CloudOps_, _DevOps_, _MobileOps_.

Look around a little, I will be back with more shortly! 🔥
