---
author: fred
title: "0.0.0 :: ready... set... launch!"
---

This website is brought to you with the help of tools created by the good folks at _Bulma_, _Dillinger_, _Fort Awesome_, _GitHub_, _Jekyll_, _Pivotal Tracker_, _Netlify_, _Visual Studio Code_, and yours truly, the website creator 🤓. Thank you for indulging me in the introduction of **RVTR**, the experimental work-in-progress project that is part web, part blog, part document library, and part application portfolio. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride!

This is only the beginning and the destination is still unclear.
See, I have been working on designing, developing and testing software for the past few years, wearing many hats in the process. I welcome your feedback, input and ideas along the way. I write code after all, not prose.

I have been involved in building websites for other companies for a little while. However, it is quite an undertaking working on this one, where all aspects of execution revolve around my own whimsical ideas and pseudo-creativity (no pressure, right?)! I am embracing this challenge as I share with you some of what I have learned so far, and am still learning, from the crazy world of technology.

To that end, I am rolling out **RVTR**. It is an experimental take in the art and science of building software using a mashup of inter-related sets of technologies. I will work on documenting some of the ones that matter to me and the community I hope to foster. I have some ideas and I will be using this platform to communicate, experiment, analyze and document my findings 🧐.

In the coming months, I plan on introducing content around technologies I work with daily or those which interest me. You should expect articles around topics on platforms such as _.NET Core_, _Node.js_, languages such _C#_, _JavaScript_, and emerging technologies around _CloudOps_, _DevOps_, and _MobileOps_.

Look around a little, I will be back with more shortly! 🔥

For more information, please read the [release notes][changelog].

[changelog]: https://github.com/RVTR/rvtr/releases/tag/0.0.0 "0.0.0"
