---
author: fred
title: "0.1.0 :: read the manual"
---

A couple of weeks ago, I launched this blog, alongside a website to boot. Since then, I have been working on the **docs** page. The layout took a little while to button up, but alas, it is ready for primetime.

For now, there is some content around _HTML_, _CSS_ and _JavaScript_. I am working on a few ideas to shape the content. Let us say that there will be a glossary of important keywords with short definitions, references to dive deeper into the concepts, practice questions, and potentially coding challenges.

The website did receive a few small updates as well, adding a new color to links, cleanup in the page layout aisle, and simplifying the build configuration. There are more changes planned to make the website design clean, simple and user-friendly.

The new **docs** page will evolve with not just _Programming Languages_, but you can expect _Libraries_ and _Frameworks_ as well. It was quite something to figure out a way to support 2 menu levels within the page and the manual content. To that end, the outer menu handles the modules and the inner menu is tasked to handle the contextual topic. I think users will be pleased with this initial setup, do not mind the rough edges.

Next, I will be tackling the **apps** page. To that end, it is only fiiting that there is an application to showcase. No worries, I am on it, more details to come soon. I am also working on the integration with _Twitter_ to keep you updated with bite-sized information, along side the long-form novel because I am such an accomplished writer.

That is it for now folks, will talk soon, and enjoy the rest of your day!

For more information, please read the [release notes][changelog].

[changelog]: https://github.com/RVTR/rvtr/releases/tag/0.1.0 "0.1.0"
